= mongoid_nested_fields

MongoidNestedFields is a gem aimed at CMS projects that need handling of complex types in one field. Nested fields can be nested into each other. Validations are performed on whole tree.

== Example

  class Article
    include Mongoid::Document
  
    field :title
    nested_field :body, :allowed_types => [ParagraphWithSubtitle, ImageWithCaption, ImageGallery]
  
  end

  class ParagraphWithSubtitle
    include MongoidNestedFields::NestedField
  
    field :paragraph
    field :subtitle
  
    validates_presence_of :paragraph
  end

  class ImageWithCaption
    include MongoidNestedFields::NestedField
  
    field :image
    field :caption
  
  end

  class ImageGallery
    include MongoidNestedFields::NestedField
  
    field :gallery_name
    nested_field :gallery, :allowed_types => [ImageWithCaption]
  
  end


== Contributing to mongoid_nested_fields
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Mihael Konjevic - retro. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

